
To start using DFDApp you should go in folder where you unpacked downloaded 
archive file and find DFDApp.exe file and run it.

After DFDApp was started click File->New from main menu to open dialog window.

1. The open window is divided by two parts. At the left side of the window 
there are tree. Each name node of the tree corresponds subset of the algorithm
or filter design technics that have common properties.
At the right side of the window there are icons of algorithms.
Well, click on "From Analog" at the left and then click on "cheby1" icon at
the right. After that click on "OK" bellow button.

2.  We can see that tab page in main window was added and buttons from Main
 menu are active. 

3.  The tab page area is devided by two parts. At the left side you can set 
filter parameters. For chosen algorithm they are: filter order, value of the 
ripple in the pass-band, filter type: band-pass, band-stop, high-pass, low-pass,
 sample rate, and last field is cutoff frequency. Last field is lighted in red. This is signal about
that field consists incorrect value. In this case buttons from right side of
 the tab page area are inactivated. Set the lighted in red fields with true
 parameters and buttons are will becomes active. 

3. Well. Set of the buttons from menu at the right side allow control filter
 characteristics such as:
frequency responce, impulse response, map of zeros and poles of the system 
function of the  designed filter, and filter coefficients.

4. Back to the buttons from main window menu and click on the next button: 
filter realization. You can see that tab filter page is updated and now at the
 left side there are parameters of the filter realization. At the right side 
there are buttons to get: coefficients of the second  order sections, button to
 generate C code for filtering in cascaded form of the second order sections. 
And it is all for now. But in the future I have planned to complete this feature.

5  And we got to the last button in the main window menu. It is button for test
 filter on the test signals. Click on it. Again filter page area is updated.
 And as you can expected area is devided by two parts. All are similary:at the 
left side of the filter page are parameters of the test signal and at the right 
side are features for control characteristics of input and output signal .

Thank you for taking the time. 